::If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?  
::How can the cemetry raise it's burial costs and blame it on the price of living?  
::Why do they leave out the letter b on "Garage Sale" signs?  
::Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?  
::Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?  
::Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?  
::Why do they have ear piercing while you wait? 
::Is there some shop where you can drop them off and pick them up later?  
:Why do we always want to grow up when we're young and be younger when we're old?  
::Why do some displays of "I love you only" Valentine cards sell them in multi-packs?  
::Adam and Eve were the first people on earth............Did they have belly buttons?  
::A nice box of chocolates provide your total daily intake of calories in one place. Isn't that handy?  
::Are unripened oranges called greens?    
::Can atheists get insurance for acts of God?  
::Can it be a mistake that "desserts" gives "stressed" spelled backwards?  
::Could your eyes be called an academy, because there are pupils there?  
::Crime doesn't pay. . .does that mean that my job is a crime?  
::Did Noah include termites on the ark?  
::Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?  
::Does the name "Pavlov" ring a bell?  
::Do fish get thirsty?  
::Do illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?  
::Do penguins have knees?  
::Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?  
::Do you love me because I am beautiful or I am I beautiful because you love me?  
::Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?  
::Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?  
::How do you dial a pushbutton phone?  
::How do you get off a non-stop flight?  
::How can one TV station have the "exclusive" accurate weather? Did they "storm" in and scoop the others?  
::How come wrong numbers are never busy?  
::How could I have been doing 70 miles an hour when I've only been driving for 10 minutes?  
::How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?  
::How is it that a building burns up as it burns down?  
::If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?  
::If a brown cow eats green grass why is it's milk white?  
::If a giraffe had a sore throat, how many lozenges would it need to make it better?  
::If all the world is a stage, where is the audience sitting?  
::If a man with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, would it be considered a hostage situation?  
::If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover, is he lucky? (S. J. Lec)  
::If a person told you they were a pathological liar, should you believe them?  
::If a turtle does not have a shell on, is he homeless or naked?  
::If a vegetarian is someone who eats vegetables, what does that make a humanitarian?  
::If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?  
::If beef comes from a cow and ham from a pig, why do they put beef in hamburgers?  
::If breaks are meant to be slow... then why do they call it "breakfast"?  
::If corn oil comes from corn....where does baby oil come from? (Richard Lederer)  
::If crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight?  
::If helium existed in a solid form, and you ate it would you get heavier or lighter?  
::If it is tourist season, why can't we shoot them?  
::If love is blind, is lingerie considered Braille?  
::If nothing sticks to Teflon how do they stick Teflon to the pan?  
::If people from Poland are called Poles, why aren't people from Holland called Holes?  
::If pro is the opposite of con, is progress the opposite of congress? (Richard Lederer)  
::If someone were to pay you ten cents for every kind word you ever spoke and collect five cents for every unkind word, would you be rich or poor?  
::If stores claim to be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, why do they have locks on the doors?  
::If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?  
::If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still #2?  
::If the cops arrest a mime do they tell him that he has the right to remain silent?  
::If there's so much laborsaving machinery, why don't I have more free time?  
::If the universe is expanding, why can't I find a parking space?  
::If the world is spinning so quickly why don't we all get dizzy?  
::If tin whistles are made of tin, what are fog horns made of?  
::If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what was yesterday?  
::If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?  
::If we weren't meant to keep starting over, would God have granted us monday?  
::If you learn from your mistakes, then why ain't I a genius?  
::If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?  
::If you're only as old as you feel, how come I can't retire yet? (Robin Alumbaugh)  
::If you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?  
::If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make, who would you call and what would you say? And why are your waiting? (Stephen Levine)  
::I have lived through the sixties, seventies, eighties and nineties. Am I now about to live through the noughties?  
::I'm in shape. Round is a shape, isn't it?  
::I never spit in your drink; why do you smoke in my air?  
::I saw a sign that said "seeing eye dogs only" who is supposed to read this? the dog?  
::Is it OK to use the AM radio after noon?  
::Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?  
::Isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do "practice"?  
::Is the glass half empty, half full, or twice as large as it needs to be?  
::I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges?  
::I wonder why you can always read a doctor's bill and never his prescription? (Finley Peter Dunne 1867-1936)  
::Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?  
::The other day a woman came up to me and said, "Didn't I see you on television?" I said, "I don't know. You can't see out the other way."  
::Was it a rich or a smart person who said: "Money can't buy happiness."?  
::What do birdies see when they faint?  
::What do butterflies feel when they're in love?  
::What does an atheist do when he drives up behind a car with a "Honk if you love Jesus" bumper sticker and that car doesn't move when the traffic light turns green?  
::What do they use to ship styrofoam?  
::What do you do when you discover an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants?  
::What exactly is "Unsweetened" iced Tea? Did they take the sugar back out? (W. Lanza)  
::What is a "free" gift? Aren't all gifts free?  
::What is listed as the hair colour on a drivers license of a bald headed man?  
::What sees a blind man when he's dreaming?  
::What would the world be like without hypothetical situations?  
::Where does the white go when the snow melts?  
::Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?  
::Who puts the thin ice sign in the middle of the thin ice?  
::Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?  
::Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?  
::Why are there so many songs for Christmas but barely any for all the other holidays?  
::Why are they called apartments when they are together.  
::Why are wise men and wise guys the exact opposites?  
::Why call it a building if it's already been built?  
::Why can't life's problems hit us when we're 17 and know everything?  
::Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?  
::Why does an alarm clock "go off" when it begins ringing?  
::Why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall?  
::Why doesn't the fellow who says "I'm no speech maker" let it go at that instead of giving a demonstration? (Kin Hubbard)  
::Why does Queen Elizabeth, who has people to put on her make-up, do her hair, and needs no cash or identification carry a purse?  
::Why does the sun on the Raisan Bran cereal box wear sunglasses?  
::Why do Kamikaze pilots wear helmets?  
::Why do men have nipples?  
::Why don't people on TV ever go to the bathroom?  
::Why do people have "hot water heaters"? If your water is hot, why heat it?  
::Why do people keep junks in their garage, while put things that worth thousands of dollars out on the driveway?  
::Why do people point at their wrists when they ask what time it is? I know where my watch is! Do I point at my crotch when I ask where the bathroom is?  
::Why do people say the alarm went "off" when it actually sounded like it was "on"?  
::Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?  
::Why do some displays of "I love you only" Valentine cards sell them in multi-packs?  
::Why do the hours at work drag on endlessly when the years seem to fly past?  
::Why do the sick people have to walk all the way to the back of the pharmacy for medicine when cigarettes can be purchased at the front door?  
::Why do they call it 'chili' if it's hot?  
::Why do they call it research, when looking for something new?  
::Why do they call them "apartments" when they are all stuck together?  
::Why do they have ear piercing while you wait? Is there some shop where you can drop them off and pick them up later?  
::Why do they leave out the letter b on "Garage Sale" signs?  
::Why do they sterilise needles for lethal injections?  
::Why do tourists go to the tops of tall buildings and then put money into telescopes so they can see things on the ground close-up?  
::Why do we act like we know what someones talking about when we have no idea?  
::Why do we always want to grow up when we're young and be younger when we're old?  
::Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?  
::Why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways? (Richard Lederer)  
::Why do we have so much enthusiasm for criticism and so much criticism for enthusiasm?  
::Why do we look in our handkerchiefs after blowing our nose?  
::Why do we say there is nothing on TV tonight when there obviously is something on?  
::Why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we clean when we use them?  
::Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?  
::Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?  
::Why is it called a "building" when it is already built?  
::Why is it called lipstick if you can still move your lips?  
::Why is it new and improved? If it's new how can it be an improvement of something and if it's improved how can it be something new?  
::Why is it that no matter what color of bubble bath you use the bubbles are always white?  
::Why is it that the uneducated minds always criticize the brilliant minds? (Kelly Nelson)  
::Why is it that when one man kills another, he is hanged as a murderer, but when one man kills millions, he is hailed as a conqueror?  
::Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?  
::Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo?  
::Why is it that you sit in front of your TV and behind your computer?  
::Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same? (Richard Lederer)  
::Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring, while dishwasher soap is made with real lemons?  
::Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds?  
::Why isn't there mouse flavoured cat food?  
::Why is the practice called "fasting" when time passes so slowly when you're doing it?  
::Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?  
::Why lightens the sun our hair, but darkens our skin?  
::Why must the phrase, "It is none of my business", always be followed by, but?  
::Would a fly without wings be called a walk?  
::Wouldn't it be strange if the God who made His people free and happy should then give them commands that enslaved them again? Doesn't it seem more likely that what He gave them were rules for remaining free and happy? (Mark Finley)  
::You can't have everything...where would you put it?  
::You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?  
::Welcome to yet another bleeding chatsite! We just trying to be fresh, hope you like it...
::Yes your back, we waited for you lol. Where's OUR MONEY!!!
::Having problems in life? THEN SEE A FUCKING SHRINK DAMNIT!!! We got our own shit to deal with, lmao!!!!
::Having any difficulites? Simply inbox any of our great staff members.
::If you have any suggestions on site improvements, post it in the forums or inbox them to any one of the Owner's.
::Welcome to the MadHouse, Blunt's in the silver sissors, beers in the cupboard and the blowup dolls and sex toys are in the fridge! Have Fun!!!
::Welcome to the site. Hope this autotext make you feel special!!!
::You're LATE!!! What's your excuse this time?
::My daughters late too? This one better be good!!!
::Please take no offence at the insanity of this message...
::Boing! That random enough for ya?
::Powered By PMB Power. Disrupted by Eskom!!!
::Why do you even bother reading this shit?
::Good for you!!! By taking the time time to read this, you have gained NOTHING!!! Enjoy your day...
::If you're happy and you know it... er... Lets Chat!!!
::Woop Woop!!! Party people, rock the world...
::Hello, this is just a friendly reminder to inbox PMBGUY!
::The search for wisdom is a great challenge; to act on wisdom is an even greater challenge. (Jagad Guru)  
::Charity may begin at home, but if it goes no further, it's no longer charity. It's clan loyalty.  
::A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.  
::Advice for the day: If you have a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: Take two, and keep away from children.  
::Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.  
::When the well's dry, we know the worth of water. (Ben Franklin)  
::A succesful man makes more money than his woman can spend. 
::A succesful woman is one who can find such a man.  
::If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.  
::The road to a friends house is never long. (Swedish proverb)  
::The time to ensure that the toilet works is before you really need it.  
::Making enemies out of friends is easy. 
::Making friends out of enemies is difficult, but it is actually worthwhile.  
::Fools learn from experience. Wise men learn from the experience of others (Otto von Bismark)  
::When the congregation falls asleep it is time for the minister to wake up.  
::The measure of greatness is not found in your accomplishments. Its in how much discouragement it takes to stop you.  
::People are made to be loved and things are made to be used. There is much chaos in this world because things are being loved and people are being used.  
::Laziness is the mother of all vice... but, it's a mother and you should respect her! (Spanish popular wisdom)  
::Being Australian is about driving in a German car to an Irish pub for a Belgian beer, and then travelling home, grabbing an Indian curry or a Turkish kebab on the way, to sit on Swedish furniture and watch American shows on a Japanese TV.  
::Talent hits the target which no one else can hit; genius hits the target which no one else can see.  
::A beautiful relationship does not depend upon how good we understand someone but on how well we avoid misunderstandings.  
::Wisdom will keep you from getting into situations where you need it. (Bruce M. Sandbrook)  
::Opportunity is a bald man with a beard: You can catch him coming, but you can' t catch him going.  
::What is worth having is worth waiting for.  
::Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. (Robert Frost)  
::An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind. (Mohandas Gandhi)  
::As long as people keep killing people, to stop the killing of people, the killing will go on.   
::Surely it's no coincidence that the word "listen" is an anagram of the word "silent".  
::May every day of your life together be worse than the next. (Old Irish wedding blessing)  
::If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. (Abraham Lincoln)  
::A good match blows fire...  
::You may have grown old, but you may not have grown up.  
::It is not what you gather but what you scatter that tells what kind of life you have lived.    
::If you need time alone, try cleaning the house.  
::Looks capture the eyes. Personality captures the heart.  
::Heaven is where the police are British, the mechanics German, the cooks are French, the lovers Italian, and all is organize by the Swiss. Hell is where the police are German, the mechanics are French, the cooks are British, the lovers are Swiss, and it's all organized by the Italians! (Eliane Kirchner)  
::When you give and don't expect anything back that's love. But if you give and expect a return it's an investment.  
::God wants spiritual fruit, not religious nuts. 
::Laughter is a smile with the volume turned up.  
::Sometimes we all have days where we are 386's in a P4 world.  
::Have you ever noticed how the contents of a box are much more interesting before the box is opened?  
::It is okay to visit your past just don't bring any luggage with you.  
::Don't ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.  
::There's a book that tells you where you should go on your vacation. It's called your checkbook.  
::Knowledge is proud she knows so much; wisdom is humble that she knows no more. (Cowper)  
::Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you did not do than by the ones you did. (Mark Twain)  
::You can't expect people to look eye to eye with you if you are looking down on them.  
::We can't always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. (Franklin D. Roosevelt)  
::Be not simply good; be good for something. (Henry David Thoreau)  
::Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. (Winston Churchill)  
::Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. (Mark Twain)  
::Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.   
::Hope is the ability to hear the music of the future. Faith is having the courage to dance to it today.  
::You can't make someone else's choices. You shouldn't let someone else make yours. (Colin Powell)  
::Impossibility simply means I'm possibility. (Monsieur Nana Adom)  
::Faith is personal, but never private.  
::Tears are the baptism of the soul.  
::Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, and paradise is when you have none.  
::A politician is the one who shakes your hand before elections and your confidence after.  
::Quality rather than quantity determines your success.  
::Turn the despair of being alone into the wonder of being alone with God.  
::Don't protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends.    
::To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girlfriends. (Benjamin Franklin)  
::He that can't endure the bad will not live to see the good. (Yiddish Proverb)  
::Some people have all the commitment of a kamikaze pilot on his tenth mission. (Lou Holtz)  
::If I try to be like him, who will be like me? (Yiddish proverb)  
::I try to lose weight, but it keeps finding me.  
::Sin wouldn't be so attractive, if the wages were paid immediately.  
::Yesterday today was tomorrow yet tomorrow today will be yesterday.  
::Whether you think you can or think you can't, you are right. (Henry Ford)  
::Two people shorten a road. (Irish Proverb)  
::A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to make a home.  
::Always keep several get well cards on the mantel. If unexpected guests arrive, they'll think you've been sick and unable to clean.  
::When you are at school, you wish you where old enough to work. When you are old enough to work, you wish you were at school.  
::It is risky not to take risk. If you don't take risk, risk will take you. (Archbishop Benson A. Idahosa - Nigeria)  
::There is never a right way to do the wrong thing.  
::Avarice hoards itself poor; charity gives itself rich. (German proverb)  
::Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. (Lord Chesterfield)  
::Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists? (Kelvin Throop III)  
::My father said there are two kinds of people in the world: givers and takers. The takers may eat better, but the givers sleep better.  
::While shampooing our son, 4, I noted his hair was growing so fast he'd soon need it cut. He replied, "Maybe we shouldn't water it so much."  
::A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. (Henry Ford)  
::An expert is a man that has made all mistakes possible in a narrow field of expertise (Albert Einstein)  
::I don't know what weapons will be used in world war three, but in world war four people will use sticks and stones. (Albert Einstein)  
::You may forget with whom you laughed, but you will never forget with whom you wept.  
::Those who race through life finish first. (Darrel Hunsbedt)  
::A man's knowledge can never outweigh his experience.  
::Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. (Sicilian Proverb)  
::If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size? (Sydney J. Harris)  
::Our marriage was a love match pure and simple; she was pure and I was simple.  
::Most of us have a bad habit we are constantly trying to break. For me, it's biting my fingernails. One day I told my husband about my latest solution: press-on nails."Great idea, honey," he smiled. "You can eat them straight out of the box."  
::Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. (Warren Buffet)  
::You have a lifetime to work, but children are only young once. (Polish Proverb)  
::It is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy.  
::A promise is a debt. (Irish Proverb)  
::The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. (Michael Althsuler)  
::Better to bend than to break. (Indian proverb)  
::You don't win silver. You lose gold.  
::No amount of darkness can hide a spark of light.  
::Be like the flower that perfumes the very hand that crushes it.
::A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.  
::According to my calculations the problem doesn't exist.  
::A computer's attention span is as long as its power cord.  
::A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.  
::Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.  
::Air conditioned environment - Do not open Windows!  
::All computers wait at the same speed.  
::All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
::Willyoupleasehelpmefixmykeyboard?Thespacebarisbroken!  
::All you need to know is the user interface.  
::Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.  
::Any program that runs right is obsolete.  
::A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.  
::A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light.  
::A Life? Cool! Where can I download one of those from?  
::A program is never finished until the programmer dies.  
::ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!  
::As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.  
::A user friendly computer first requires a friendly user.  
::A user will find any interface design intuitive...with enough practice.  
::Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic  
::Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat [Y/N]?  
::Be aware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.  
::Best file compression around: "DEL *.*" = 100% compression  
::Beta. Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it's released. Beta is Latin for "still doesn't work."  
::Bug? That's not a bug, that's a feature.  
::Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will use it.  
::Buy a Pentium 586/200 so you can reboot faster.  
::Cannot load Windows 95, Incorrect DOS Version.  
::COFFEE.EXE Missing---Insert Cup and Press Any Key.  
::Compatible: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.  
::Computer analyst to programmer: "You start coding. I'll go find out what they want."  
::Computer and car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.  
::Computer programmers do it byte by byte.  
::Computer programmers don't byte, they nibble a bit.  
::Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them.  
::Computers are like air-conditioners: both stop working, if you open windows.  
::Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.  
::Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.  
::Computers can never replace human stupidity.  
::Computer Science: solving today's problems tomorrow.  
::Computers follow your orders, not your intentions.  
::Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.  
::Crashing is the only thing windows does quickly.  
::Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C mean?  
::Disclaimer: Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors.  
::Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.  
::Don't compute and drive; the life you save may be your own.  
::Don't document the program; program the document.  
::Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.  
::Don't let the computer bugs bite!  
::DOS=HIGH? I knew it was on something!  
::DOS Tip: Add BUGS=OFF to your CONFIG.SYS  
::Email returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.  
::Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...  
::Error:015: Unable to exit Windows. Try the door.  
::Error: Problem exists between keyboard and chair.  
::Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)  
::Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I...  
::Every bug you find is the last one.  
::Every time I type 'win', I loose ...  
::Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.  
::Failure is not an option, it comes bundled with the software.  
::.....File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)  
::For any problem there is a solution that is simple, quick, and ultimately worse than the problem.  
::Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.  
::Hi, my name is Any Key. Please don't hit me!  
::Hiroshima..45........Tjernobil..86........Windows..95....  
::Hit any user to continue.  
::Home is where the computer is plugged in.  
::How an engineer writes a program: Start by debugging an empty file...  
::I am a computer, dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.  
::If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0.  
::If a train station is where the train stops, what is a work station?  
::I finally made my stupid computer faster; I dropped it out of the window, and it went really fast.  
::If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce today would cost $100, get a million miles to the gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside.  
::If the pen is mightier than the sword, and a picture is worth a thousand words, how dangerous is a fax?  
::If your computer says, "Printer out of Paper," this problem cannot be resolved by continuously clicking the "OK" button.  
::I have a dream: 1073741824 bytes free.  
::I haven't lost my mind; it's backed up on tape somewhere.  
::I hit the CTRL key but I'm still not in control!  
::I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.  
::In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would take many men many months to equal it.  
::Is reading in the bathroom considered Multi-Tasking.  
::It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.  
::It said "Insert disk 3..." but only 2 fit.  
::It's not a bug; it's an undocumented feature.  
::It works! Now if only I could remember what I did...  
::I wish life has a scroll back buffer.  
::Keyboard : Instrument used to enter errors into computer.  
::Keyboard not connected, press F1 to continue.  
::MACINTOSH stands for Most Applications Crash If Not The Operating System Hangs.  
::Maintenance-free: When it breaks, it can't be fixed...  
::Math problems? Call 1-800-[(10x)(ln(13e))]-[sin(xy)/2.362x]  
::Melted fruit snacks found on Keyboard. Delete nephew [Y/N]?  
::MICROSOFT: Most Intelligent Customers Realize Our Software is Only for Fools and Teenagers.  
::Mommy! The cursor's winking at me!  
::My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.  
::Never say "OOPS!" always say "Ah, Interesting!"  
::No matter how much data you add to your laptop, it will not get heavier.  
::Of course I know how to copy disks. Where's the xerox machine?  
::One person's error is another person's data.  
::One picture is worth 128K words.  
::Operator! Trace this call and tell me where I am.  
::Owners of digital watches: Your day's are numbered!  
::Oxymoron: Microsoft Works.  
::Press any key...no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!  
::Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...  
::Press CTRL-ALT-DEL to continue....  
::Programmers don't die, they just GOSUB without RETURN.  
::Programmer's Time-Space Continuum: Programmers continuously space the time.  
::RAM disk is NOT an installation procedure.  
::Reference Manual: Object that raises the monitor to eye level. Also used to compensate for that short table leg.  
::Scheduled Release Date: A carefully calculated date determined by estimating the actual shipping date and subtracting six months from it.  
::Shift to the left! Shift to the right! Pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte!  
::Shutting down networkservers reguarly during worktime prevents RSI and develops social contacts at work.  
::Speed Kills! Use Windows.  
::System going down at 1:45 for disk crashing.  
::The box said: 'install on Windows 95, NT 4.0 or better'. So I installed it on Linux.  
::The definition of an upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.  
::The name is Baud......, James Baud.  
::The program is absolutely right; therefore the computer must be wrong.  
::The programmer's national anthem is 'AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH'.  
::The Queue Principle: The longer you wait in line, the greater the likelihood that you are standing in the wrong line.  
::There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.  
::There are only 10 types of people in this world: those who understand binary, and those who don't."  
::There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.  
::There can never be a computer language in which you cannot write a bad program.  
::There were computers in Biblical times. Eve had an Apple.  
::These settings will have no effect until you restart the system. Reset Universe (Y/N) ?  
::Those who can, do. Those who cannot, teach. Those who cannot teach, HACK!  
::To be, or not to be, those are the parameters.  
::To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.  
::User error: replace user and press any key to continue.  
::Warning, keyboard not found. Press Enter to continue.  
::What boots up must come down.  
::Who's General Failure and why's he reading my disk?  
::Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"  
::Why do they call this a word processor? It's simple, ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?  
::Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?  
::Will the information superhighway have any rest stops?  
::Windows 3.1 not found: (C)heer, (P)arty, (D)ance?  
::Windows is NOT a virus. Viruses DO something.  
::WINDOWS stands for Will Install Needless Data On Whole System.  
::Windows: the ultimate triumph of marketing over technology.  
::You are making progress if each mistake is a new one.  
::You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.  
::You forgot to do your backup 16 days ago. Tomorrow you'll need that version.  
::You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!  
::You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.  
::2B or not 2B? I think it's a grade of pencil. 
::3 nails + 1 cross = 4 given. 
::A baby sitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers. 
::A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining, and who asks for it back when it start to rain. 
::A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist. 
::A beautiful relationship does not depend upon how good we understand someone but on how well we avoid misunderstandings. 
::A bicycle can't stand on its own because it's two-tired. 
::Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. 
::Ability is what you're capable of doing...
::Motivation determines what you do... Attitude determines how well you do it. 
::A bird does not sing because it has an answer -- it sings because it has a song. 
::A boy, frustrated with all the rules he had to follow, asked his father, "Dad, how soon will I be old enough to do as I please?" The father answered immediately, "I don't know. Nobody has lived that long yet." 
::Abraham Lincoln was once talking with a woman about how the North must treat the South. She disagreed with him, and said that she felt that we must destroy our enemies. Lincoln replied, "What, madam? Do I not destroy them when I make them my friends?" 
::A brook would lose its song if God removed the rocks. 
::A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward. 
::A budget is something we go without to stay within. 
::A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. (Henry Ford) 
::A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it. 
::A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. (African proverb) 
::A camel is a horse designed by a committee. 
::A candle brightens the world around it. Unfortunately, it creates a shadow of its own. It still serves the purpose it is meant for. 
::A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle. 
::A candidate is someone who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other. 
::A careless word may kindle strife.
::Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune. (William James) 
::Aoccdrnig to rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it deosn't mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be at the rghit pclae. The rset can be a tatol mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit porbelm. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. 
::A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised. 
::A certain man had invited the pastor and his wife for dinner, and it was little Joey's job to set the table. But when it came time to eat, Joey's mother said with surprise, "Why didn't you give Mrs. Brown a knife and fork dear?". "I didn't think I needed to," Joey explained, "I heard Daddy say she always eats like a horse." 
::A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark. (Chinese Proverb) 
::A child will perform from their mind for their coach/teacher, but for a parent they perform from their heart. 
::A cigarette is a pinch of tobacco, wrapped in paper, fire at one end, fool at the other. 
::A city is a large community where people are lonesome together. 
::A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody has. 
::A clean tie attracts the soup of the day. 
::A clergyman had just enjoyed a hearty chicken dinner at the home of a rural parishioner. Gazing out the window, he remarked: "That rooster seems a mighty proud and happy bird." "He should," the host replied. "His oldest son just entered the ministry." 
::A closed mind is a good thing to lose. 
::A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood. (Chinese proverb) 
::A Committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but as a group decide that nothing can be done. 
::A compliment is a statement of an agreeable truth; flattery is the statement of an agreeable untruth. (Sir John A. MacDonald) 
::A computer beat me at chess once. But, it was no match for me at kick boxing. 
::A computer is almost human - except that it does not blame its mistakes on another computer. 
::A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. 
::A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking. 
::A conference is a gathering of important people who individually can't do anything but together can decide that nothing can be done. 
::A conservative is a politician who wants to keep what the liberals fought for a generation ago. 
::A conservative is a worshipper of dead radicals. 
::Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to. 
::A crisis is when you can't say: "let's forget the whole thing". 
::A crumb from a winner's table is better than a feast from a loser's table! 
::Action may not always be happiness, but there is no happiness without action. 
::A customer in a bakery was observed carefully examining all the rich-looking pastries displayed on trays in the glass cases. When a clerk approached him and asked, "What would you like?" he answered, "I'd like that chocolate-covered, cream-filled doughnut, that jelly-filled doughnut and that cheese Danish." Then with a sigh he added, "But I'll take an oat-bran muffin." 
::A cynic is someone who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. 
::A daddy was listening to his child say his prayer "Dear Harold," ........ At this, dad interrupted and said, "Wait a minute, "How come you called God, Harold? The little boy looked up and said, "That's what they call Him in church. You know the prayer we say, "Our Father, who art in Heaven, Harold be Thy name." 
::Adam and Eve had an ideal marriage. He didn't have to hear about all the men she could have married, and she didn't have to hear about the way his mother cooked. (Kimberley Broyles) 
::A dancer goes quick on her beautiful legs; a duck goes quack on her beautiful eggs. 
::A diet is a selection of food that makes other people lose weight. 
::A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older?" 
::A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. 
::A disbelief in God does not result in a belief in nothing; disbelief in God usually results in a belief in anything. 
::A dog inside a kennel barks at his fleas. A dog hunting does not notice them. 
::A dog thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me... They must be Gods! A cat thinks: Hey, these people I live with feed me, love me, provide me with a nice warm, dry house, pet me, and take good care of me... I must be a God! 
::A dog who attends a flea circus most likely will steal the whole show. 
::Adolescence and snow are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough. 
::A dream is just a dream. A goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline. (Harvey Mackay) 
::A drop of ink may make a million think. 
::A drunk mans' words are a sober mans' thoughts. 
::Adult: A person who has stopped growing at both ends and is now growing in the middle. 
::Adversity doesnt build character, it reveals it. 
::Advice for the day: If you have a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: Take two, and keep away from children. 
::Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. (Erica Jong) 
::A face without freckles is like a sky without stars. 
::A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. (Elbert Hubbard) 
::A fair face may fade, but a beautiful soul last forever. 
::A fall will always make a wise man wiser. (ancient Chinese) 
::A family came home from Church where the sermon was on Adam and Eve. The Mother noticed the boy sitting on the bed feeling his ribs. She asked what he was doing. He said, "I counted these things 3 times now. Ma ! I think I'm having a wife." 
::A farmer learns more from a bad harvest than a good one. 
::A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be. 
::A father said to his son, "When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace." The son replied, "When Lincoln was your age, he was President." 
::A father was reading Bible stories to his young son. He read: "The man named Lot was warned to take his wife and flee out of the city but his wife looked back and was turned to salt." His son asked: "What happened to the flea?" 
::Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. (C.S. Lewis) 
::A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well. 
::A friend is one who knows who you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you become, and still gently invites you to grow. 
::A friend is someone that won't begin to talk behind your back when you leave the room. 
::A friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight and walks beside you in the shadows. 
::A friend is someone who has the same enemies you have. (Abraham Lincoln) 
::A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words. 
::A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart. 
::A friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though you're slightly cracked. 
::A friend to all is a friend to none. 
::A friend was in front of me coming out of church one day, and the preacher was standing at the door as he always is to shake hands. He grabbed my friend by the hand and pulled him aside. The pastor said, "You need to join the Army of the Lord!" My friend said, "I'm already in the Army of the Lord, Pastor." Pastor questioned, "How come I don't see you except at Christmas and Easter?" He whispered back, "I'm in the secret service." 
::After all is said and done, more is said than done. 
::After hearing two eyewitness accounts of the same accident, you begin to wonder about history. 
::After months of training and you finally understand all of a program's commands, a revised version of the program arrives with an all-new command structure. (Thoreau's First Theory of Adaptation) 
::After the birth of their child, an Episcopal priest, wearing his clerical collar, visited his wife in the hospital. He greeted her with a hug and a kiss, and gave her another hug and kiss when he left. Later, the wife's roommate commented: "Your pastor is sure friendlier than mine." 
::After the government takes enough to balance the budget, the taxpayer has the job of budgeting the balance.
  
